Total Editor II
(totaleditor2.exe)

Controls:
WASD - Move camera
Hold shift to move faster
R - Reset camera
F and G - Change flag
Z and X - Change id
1 - Edit walls
2 - Edit ceilings
3 - Edit floors
4 - Edit things
Left click - Place tile
Right click - Pick tile
Shift+left click - Remove tile
Tab - Go to texture browser
O - Save map
U - Load map
, and . - Change episode
N and M - Change map
Left and right (in things mode) - Change direction
W and S (in texture browser) - Scroll

Things:
	'Things' are just things that aren't walls, floors, or ceilings.
	Pressing left and right will change the thing's direction, but it only really does anything if it's a monster.
	See indexes.txt for information on what flags spawn what entity.

	Some Thing flags spawn things based on their texture. For example, Thing flag 2 will spawn a medkit if the
	texture of the Thing is a medkit, but will spawn grenades if the texture is of grenades.
Walls:
	See indexes.txt for what the flags do.
	If two walls have the same id, one will activate the other (such as a switch and a door)
	Sometimes the id defines something else about the wall, see indexes.txt.
	Using any one of an animated texture's frames from the texture browser will automatically make
	the wall animated. This is the same for floors and props as well.

Level design:
	Last time I tested, the game can handle around 30 enemies at once.
	The enemies are in their most resource-consuming state when they're searching for the player.
	The enemies will not search for the player unless they are within ~16 tiles of him/her.
	Thus, if you're having trouble with framerate, try spreading things out a little bit. Teleporters are your friend!
	Also, make sure Geoffrey is in every level you make!
	
	For some odd reason, the game lags a whole bunch if you finish a map that's too small.
	So, please make sure your map is at least a little bigger than the editor screen.
	Make sure both the wall AND floor layers are this size.
	
Level names and music can be edited in maps/MAPINFO.txt
It goes like this:
	E1M1
	music.ogg
	MAP NAME
	FLAG
	
Really, flag is always 0 unless it's the boss level, then it's 1.
However, boss levels can only be on E1M9, sorry. Just rig the exit to go to E1M9 if you can't be bothered.

	
If you have questions, contact me on my twitter or something.